This is like something I'm super
passionate about.
>> It like blew my brain.
>> It's the most important thing I'll do in
my whole life.
>> I'm not supposed to talk about it yet.
>> Give us a teaser.
>> No, I'm not. I'm not.
>> In 1957, Walt Disney made this map which
shows you how his films are connected to
his merch, which is connected to theater
sales, which is connected to radio and
everything across his empire. And I got
to ask Jimmy about how he's making his
own version of his Disney map. We talked
about festivals to Beast Game to [music]
his different YouTube channels to his
new theme park, Beast Land. Beast Land
is a theme park that we open. We're
aiming for around 10,000 people a day.
We can open one here in America next.
People have been talking about is Mr.
Beast launching a bank.
>> Yes.
>> Is Mr. Beast is a [music] company worth
over $5 billion now.
>> And then I got to speak to Mark Robber
about how he's building his own version
of Disney between Crunch Labs.
>> He was like, I will pay you $50 million
right now. I was like, hell no.
>> To his YouTube videos
>> that cost about $5 million.
>> Can you take me through how you think
about thumbnails?
>> Can I be honest? All of these I kind of
hate.
>> I think this is the first time [music]
you're talking about your Netflix show
publicly.
>> Got to get the scoop. There's never been
anything like this in history. This is
Sorry.
>> Like they need help.
>> We filmed this all in the most magical
place in the world, Disneyland.
>> All right. So, Jimmy, we're at
Disneyland. So, I thought it would be
fitting to go over Walt Disney's
business map from 1957. What sticks out
as you as you look at this?
>> This is a big influence. this graphic
right here on the way media developed.
>> Did this have a big influence on you in
terms of like people seeing characters
on TV and then buying merchandise? Um,
>> and those characters are also in the
movies which are also in Disneyland. It
all ties together. For us, we were just
in I mean I don't have as much IP
obviously as Disney. Um, and in
inadvertently I think this is just as
you're building more IP kind of the
natural way it goes because it doesn't
make sense, you know, if you're doing TV
uh and you're doing movies or in our
case if we're doing YouTube and we're
doing streaming shows to have completely
different people every time. Obviously,
my boys that are in the YouTube channel
are also in the streaming show and vice
versa. But the beauty is for him, it's
just the sheer scale they did. I mean,
Disneyland, the fact that you can come
here and you see characters walking down
the street in the rides and you
recognize it and you know them
personally and stuff is just amazing.
Like the scale that they've done this is
absurd.
>> So, Jimmy, we made
>> Oh gosh. [laughter]
>> a version of what looks like your Disney
map. Um, there's a lot happening here
and we put a spectrum of digital to
physical. That's cool. Okay.
>> Um, I'm wondering if you could break
down your Disney map.
>> Okay. So, for starters, I've never had
someone make a graph like this that and
I think this is actually really well put
together. I'm actually very impressed.
So, for starters, we have the YouTube
channel over here. We have our Mr. Beast
YouTube channel, which is the most
subscribed to YouTube channel in the
world. We have Beast Reacts. Then we
also have our gaming channel which is
you know one of the largest gaming
channels in the world. We have our
philanthropy channel Beast Animations
which by the time you see this Beast
Labs will be out our first animated
show. I've been wanting to get animation
on YouTube because I also have watched
anime my whole life and we have a ton of
other channels that we're also starting
and so at its core yeah this corner is
YouTube.
>> Okay. So now tell me about experiences.
What are you doing to make this happen
in the real world?
>> Um Beastland if you haven't heard is a
theme park that we opened. It's not a
permanent one. It's in the Middle East
because we have a very big Middle
Eastern audience. So, we opened it in
the middle of Saudi Arabia so people
from the Middle East could experience
it. If enough of you want, we can open
one here in America next. I've obviously
always looked up to Walt Disney and um
you know, just seeing him bring his
ideation and and his brands and
everything to life is obviously a huge
inspiration. And so, um this has been a
long time coming and something I've
always wanted to do. And so, we created
Beastand. Roller coasters and stuff are
fun. Don't get me wrong. That's fun. But
there's so many theme parks. You have
six likes, Disney, there's community
fairs, blah blah blah, like city fairs,
state parks, there's some all this stuff
where you can ride roller coasters. And
so I wanted to do something different,
something bigger. Like I personally am
terrified of roller coasters. There are
a lot of people who love rides. I just
am not one of them. And so this Beast
Land has that for those of you. The
other half of Beastland is designed for
people who are like me who are very
competitive, who want to play games, who
like arcades, but have wanted to do
that, you know, IRL size, real life
size. So, but Tower Siege is an example
where we have these 10 catapults where
we fling balls into these giant tubes
and if you make it in, you get points.
And our, you know, largest arcade in the
world is what I'm calling it. I don't
know if that's actually true yet or not.
We have a pyramid over here with buttons
on the side and you're racing people on
the other side. to press all the buttons
and slide down it. We have mazes over
here, real mazes that you actually go
through and you're racing to get to the
end. We have like a block stacking game
where you see who can stack the tallest
tower in a minute. And yeah, my theory
is that people will love the
competitiveness. People will love to
just go do something and it's almost
like different versions of sports you
can play just in, you know, theme park
format.
>> Yeah. And also what's blowing my mind is
like we visited Saudi together and the
speed at which they build something.
Like right now, all of this is a bunch
of dirt.
>> Well,
>> on the ground.
>> Concrete.
>> Concrete. Okay. Concrete. There's a
foundation.
>> It's a It's a parking lot.
>> It's a It's a parking lot. But Okay. In
>> 19 days.
>> In 19 days, there'll be a roller
coaster.
>> Mhm.
>> There'll be this massive entrance.
>> And there'll be all of these game like
how many people do you think can fit in
this park at any one time? How is it is
this like
>> Disneyland size Disney World?
>> So, we're aiming for around 10,000
people a day, but at a certain time,
couple thousand. We can't have all
10,000 at once. The the other thing,
too, to give context to what he's saying
is a lot of this stuff is assembled
offsite and brought over. So, these
things are being built. They're just
being built offsite and brought over.
Some of it is just because, you know,
we're filming this before it launches.
We don't want people to know. So, we're
like being sneaky doing it offsite,
moving over last minute.
>> Talk to me about the software because
there's been a lot of news about Mr.
Beast Financial. Like, you you filed
that. How does that
>> Yeah. So, on the Mr. Beast Financial,
yeah, people saw the trademark we filed.
It was literally there's a tweet with 30
million impressions and it started going
crazy. I get news literally covered it.
You could throw it up on the screen
yesterday on national television. So
people have been talking about is Mr.
Beast launching a bank? Is Mr. Beast
launching a bank? Yes. Um I uh we deal a
lot with money in our videos and I
actually have this fun story of when I
was younger there's this YouTuber called
Woody's Gamertag. He's a Call of Duty
YouTuber but I you know when I was
younger I loved Call of Duty but this
guy would also give life advice while
talking over Call of Duty. And so I was
watching him for Call of Duty, but he
was like weirdly giving me life advice.
And one time he did a video of his
investment portfolio and he showed a uh
because he's older showed how money he
invested when he was younger turned into
a couple million dollars. And he showed
like the power of compounding. And I
remember when I was like 13. I was like
what? He he put like $10,000, but that
turned into like $100,000 and he kept
doing that and turned into millions of
dollars. And it like blew my brain. I
never I mean I'm sure obviously I would
have learned about compound interest and
investing later but this guy who was
playing Call of Duty and I wasn't even
watching him to learn about finances
ended up teaching me a lot about
investing and kicked off a lot of my
passion about just you know building
business and things like that. And so I
think it would be fun to start weaving
in more um you know tones in our videos
where we educate people probably also on
a separate YouTube channel. It's not all
of it would fit on the Mr. channel, but
educating people on investing and
showing them what is a Roth RA and just
like taking my younger audience to a
similar experience I had with Woody back
in the day. You probably could find that
video where he talked about investing.
Um, and so I'd love to make financial
content on it and it just feels like a a
nice fit for us because we do so much
with money.
>> Wow.
>> And then we also have Virro. So, it's
just essentially Virro is like a
platform where we connect brands with
clippers and basically let's say you're
a movie studio and you just dropped a
movie. Uh, you can, you know, put up
here, hey, if you guys post clips about
the trailer of the movie, I'll pay you
$1,000 for every million views that
those clips get on TikTok or Instagram.
>> And what about View Stats? Tell me about
that.
>> View Stats is our analytics platform. We
just use a lot of data to make informed
decisions on YouTube. We give everyone
else access to it. So on view stats you
can see how many views any channel on
YouTube is doing per month. You can see
if they change the thumbnail. Just a lot
of cool stuff like that.
>> Um and the biggest thing I was I was
curious I I had a long conversation with
your CEO Jeff about Beast Mobile because
I'm like how does this all fit together?
And he was talking about how you know
Beast Mobile is still early days but
shaping up to be a cell and internet
service where you may offer exclusive
content or a chance to be on set for
your next video.
>> Well, Beast Mobile is the furthest out.
So that's where I'm going to have to
plead the fifth a little bit. We got
some big plans here and it will all make
sense. But for now, trust me, it's it's
going to be cool.
>> How do you innovate there? That is such
a I don't want to call it boring
category.
>> Oh no, it is very boring. And that's
where again as it gets closer cuz the
problem with this is we're still road
mapping and doing it as we speak. So I
don't want to say anything that I'm then
pigeonhold into. But it's it's similar
to like I was saying with the financial
stuff, you know, it's uh it'll make
sense. Don't worry. This one very very
excited about of everything here. This
is obviously could be the biggest thing
we're doing. And it it when you look
back three years from now, it will all
make sense.
>> Yeah. Um and what about books and and
and film like uh
>> Yeah. And then and other media, books
and films. Well, I think the
announcement already came out. Uh um
writing a book with James Patterson.
He's a [clears throat] phenomenal
author. Obviously, James Patterson is
doing a lot of the heavy lifting. He's
the one that has written tons of books,
but given my inspiration here and there,
man, I wish I could tell you what the
book's about, but he would kill me. No,
I'm not allowed. I'm not allowed to say
what the book is about. But we have
Well, it's a good story. Just give me
It's a really good story.
>> Let me ask Did does the book have
anything to do with the YouTube content?
>> Well, yeah. The big thing though is uh
which James is very passionate about.
I'm very passionate about is when I was
younger, you would you would have these
things where your English class or
whatever, they'd give you a book, you
have to read it, and you have to pass a
quiz to get you to read. Hated it. I
hated it. I would always cliffnote it,
whatever. The internet was starting to
become a big thing. I just cheat on it
because I hated reading the books. And
so I thought that I just am not a
reader. I thought books suck. Books are
boring. Books are lame. And a lot of
young people share the same mindset as
me that books suck uh and they don't
read and you grow up and you miss out on
so much knowledge. And then when I got
in my early 20s, I started I read uh
Steve Jobs biography. Loved it. I mean
like I couldn't put it down. It was the
first time in my life I ever enjoyed a
as far as I can remember I ever enjoyed
a book. And then I read Elon Musk
biography. I read The Goal which I make
my employees read now. I started reading
business books. I realized I love
reading books. I just hated the books
that make me read in school. The books
at school were boring. They're horrible.
And I want to help kids have that same
realization because once I realized I
love books, you know, now I I throw on
audio books. I don't actually physically
read too many. I just listen to them.
But I, you know, I I get so much
knowledge and so much value out of it
that I otherwise would have lost because
I thought books were just terrible
because that's what I was conditioned
to. And so me and James are just really
hoping that, you know, if we make
something that my audience would love,
we could potentially get millions of
kids to realize that books are fun. And
just because school told you books suck
and made you read books that suck
doesn't mean they do suck. It just means
you weren't reading the right thing.
>> Yeah. How does um the Mr. Beast channel,
which has over 400 million subscribers.
Like how does that play with like
streaming? Like we we just did behind
the scenes of
>> Tell him he did the behind the scenes
for Beast. It was crazy. Coming next
year. I I don't know how much we could
talk about it, but that was crazy to see
how you've used YouTube to test ideas
before doing it bigger on Beast Games
for streaming.
>> Yeah. So, the beauty for us with Beast
Games is we have a YouTube channel where
we can test things that, you know, don't
cost tens of millions of dollars like
they might on on our big uh you know,
show. And so, that's nice because uh
we're always doing things with
contestants in these small versions of a
game. And so I can do a game for
$200,000 in one of my YouTube videos and
if it goes well and people really like
it, then now I can feel more confident
when I spend, you know, sometimes $10
million building a set on Beast Games
that the viewers will like it.
>> And the products are another final
aspect here. I was looking at your
videos. Over 60% of your YouTube videos
now have a mention of Fastables.
>> Surprised it's not 100%. To be honest,
>> um, how do you think about like
involving your products? Like Mr. Beast
Lab like you know that directly like
feeds into the animation launch like how
do you think about these were like Mr.
Beast.store you know sour strikes you
like how do you think about the products
mapping to everything else? Yeah. Well,
that's where, you know, it's not just
YouTube, also Beast Games, you know,
season two, we talk about Fastables, we
talk about our our Jack's co-branded
product, which I'd also put up here.
That's a big part of our products now,
too. Um, and they kind of all tie
together because even at Feastables,
our, you know, content company, we also
make a lot of content on the Feastables
Instagram. It's not all just promotion
through here, but yeah, like Feastables,
we're the largest ethically sourced
chocolate company in the world. We pay
our farmers living income reference
price. We auto remediate child labor on
all our farms. If if farms don't do
that, we don't work with them. Um, most
people don't realize that's 70% of the
labor in West Africa. So, Feastables,
you know, we're trying to get those 1.5
million kids out of child labor. So, the
beauty of how all this works is like
Beastables is doing all this other
stuff. If nothing over here existed, the
world would never know that Beastables
pays its farmers a living income
reference price, that we audit and
remediate child labor on our farms, that
we actually care that there are 1.5
million kids in illeal child labor and
we want to get them out. But because I
have such a big voice over here on
YouTube and now on streaming and in
these other avenues we're building, I
can get that message out there. So then
it can resonate with people and people
can realize it's not just a chocolate
brand. It's more than that. And so that
is kind of the beauty of how it all
works interconnected.
>> Also, I think it's a launching pad. I
remember when we did behind the scenes
of season one of Beast Games, you
launched Launchly. Yep.
>> Like that was the first time.
>> Trippy Cheese.
>> Yeah, Trippy Cheese. Um Festivals,
there's a Festival Cafe in Beast Games.
That's obviously in a lot of YouTube
videos. Um, I wonder if you're going to
put Fastables in Beastand.
>> You don't have to wonder. Yes.
>> There might be even like a chocolate
slide or a chocolate ride or something.
>> I mean, I've literally had people who
are going to go around just handing out
feastable bars to people in the theme
park all day.
>> Wow. And then maybe you serve like
Lunchley like as as part of the lunch
like your merch and store.
>> Oh, you were definitely having merch
there at Beastland. Of course.
>> Yeah. Can I ask Jimmy? You know, in the
same way that Disney had like Mickey
Mouse, Donald Duck, uh, Minnie Mouse,
like you've developed like your cast of
characters in many ways. you I have
Chandler, Tariq.
>> Yeah, I would call them my boys.
>> Yeah, your boys. Uh, but they've become
beloved in the Beast universe. But I
thought it was really interesting that
you're launching new talent now. Like
Matched was in that um lose 100 pounds
video and that skyrocketed his Instagram
and YouTube channel and now he's become
a co-host with you and the boys on your
other videos. H
>> how do you think about talent
development like within Beast? Cuz being
in a Mr. Beast video now could launch
your career. And it seems like that
keeps them also within this ecosystem.
>> Well, so the big thing where most people
get it wrong on YouTube is it's not like
traditional Hollywood. You can't just go
cast a person and jam it in and be like,
"All right, people are just going to
love him." Like the beauty of Mage is
just a very likable, charismatic guy.
Um, you know, when we put him in that
video, the lose 100 pounds video, I
wasn't like thinking, "Oh, he's going to
turn into talent. This is this is how we
grow his personality to get people to
love him and make him talent." I was
just like, Maddie is a good candidate
for this. People loved him in the video.
He was very vulnerable. He's very open,
very charismatic, and likable. And
people wanted to see him more. And so
now we're bringing around more. And so I
can't just go grab five people that are
attractive and, you know, smooth
talking, just jam them in the video, and
be like, "All right, you're now part of
the talent." Be like, "Hey guys, love
it." They seep through that. So it's got
to it it's it's it's got to be slower
and it's got to be done the right way uh
on YouTube. But if you do it Yeah.
That's and that's what we're working on.
That's also what allows us to do so many
channels.
>> Yeah. So now contestants are almost like
if it's authentic like a pipeline to
develop like talent
>> like Susie, we had her in two videos.
People seem to like her. So I was
thinking about potentially bring her
back, not as like a competitor, but just
to hang out with us in a video. And but
yeah, just keep building out the YouTube
channels, getting more and more views.
But that's, you know, the YouTube is
essentially the nucleus that powers all
these different verticals. And then
obviously obviously we have Make a Wish,
which we're in Disneyland right now.
They've been so amazing to work with.
Most people don't realize, but Disney
does more wishes than anyone else,
especially with their parks. And um so
it was awesome because I I reached out
to Disney. I knew that was something
that a lot of Wish kids wanted and I've
been getting a lot of wishes. Uh which
I'm very grateful that, you know, these
kids would use their wish on me and I
and I want to make sure if they do that
they get an amazing experience. So I was
like, what if we do something together?
And so that turned into this event. Then
we're like, well, what if we take this a
step further? What if we brought Mark
Robber out here? What if we brought, you
know, Sam and Colby and all these other
creators down here? Some of these kids
have been in a hospital bed for two,
three months straight. Like the parent
didn't remember what it was like for the
kid to be happy. And so to give them
that moment, it's like literally it's
like the greatest thing ever for the
parents, too. And so like all around
it's just a very magical, beautiful
thing. I think this year we're on track
to get on the main show, I think, like
35 billion views. Wow. Just on the Mr.
Beast channel and then billions across
all these other ones.
>> I want to ask, is Mr. Beast is a company
worth over $5 billion now.
>> I bleed the fifth.
>> We've seen I mean, is it close to that?
>> I got to Oh, yeah. I I would love some
water. Thank you.
>> I want to take you guys behind the
scenes real quick because in just a few
moments, Mark Robber is going to be here
to break down his creator business. But
if you're watching this and wondering
how can you go about even launching some
of these products, then I have to tell
you about today's [music] sponsor,
Shopify. So, from Mr. Beast to Mark
Robber, so many creators run their
businesses on Shopify. And with their
new Shopify sidekick, you have an AI
powered business partner that's trained
on your store. Like here's how it works
with our created apparel store with our
caps, crew necks, and hoodies. I could
just ask it, [music] can you make this
photo of our cap look like it was taken
in a professional shoot? And boom,
almost instantly, I'll get this. Then on
voice, I could ask it, "Hey, Sidekick,
what percent discount should I provide
on our store to drive conversions over
the holidays?" a 20% discount. It's
significant enough to boost conversions
without hurting your margins.
>> And boom. That's why we have a 20%
discount right now. Plus, Shopify's new
AI store builder helps you start from
scratch. Like when I built my first
Shopify site for Created, I just
described my brand and then I got a
custom theme and images in seconds. And
best of all, when you sign up for
Shopify using my link below, you'll get
a free trial to try it all. No pressure,
no strings attached. So, thank you again
for Shopify. Check out the link below.
And now, back [music] to the video.
Mark, being at Disneyland with you, I I
feel like it's only fitting that we talk
about Walt Disney's map that he made in
the 1950s. Have you seen this before?
>> No. This is remarkable. Like, it's
visionary, right? This is sort of the
template for how brands operate today.
And so, to come up with this is bonkers.
It makes me feel like I wouldn't want
Walt Disney's brain.
>> Like, this is too much, Walt. So Mark, I
I wanted to map out all the things I've
seen that you put out in terms of
content and products in terms of your
own Disney map going from digital to
physical. Um first, is this accurate?
Did I capture everything? Because you're
doing a lot now.
>> Yeah, this feels pretty comprehensive.
This is the first time I've ever seen it
laid out like this. This makes it look
like I was a lot more intentional about
what we've done.
>> Yeah. I'm I'm curious like how do you
think about the Mark Robber channel
today with the tens of millions of
subscribers that you have? Um, I mean
this is where we do like our biggest
videos still. Like we really swing for
the fences and none of these cost less
than a couple hundred thousand to make
now.
>> Wow.
>> So it's kind of like the big ideas, you
know, we usually do about 10 to 12 a
year. We pretty much have all of those
laid out for 2026
>> with four more still to release in 2025.
>> Can can you take me through one of them
as an example? Because I think what's
interesting about you is that you not
only have to come up with the idea, the
thumbnail, you have to build something.
>> Yeah. I [clears throat] mean, I think a
good one that sticks out here is like I
tried building my own space satellite.
So, we actually over a period of 3
years, you know, took a like made a
cubat
>> basically, which is it's now in space
right now zooming above us at 25,000
miles hour, five times faster than a
bullet. So, that cost about $5 million
right there.
That video cost $5 million.
>> Yeah. To make the satellite, you know,
for that we had a sponsor with T-Mobile
and Google Pixel. So, these big swings a
lot of times I'll reach out with brands
and say like, I have this great idea,
but like we didn't really make any money
off this video,
>> right?
>> Uh what's another big swing that took a
lot of years to happen?
>> This one here. Can you fool a
self-driving car? We tested to see if
you could fool a self-driving car with
like a Roadrunner wall.
But it
truthfully
>> I thought it'd be really cool to map out
Space Mountain. I know the technology
isn't there yet, but someday there will
be technology. And finally when I saw
these LAR that were like you could, you
know, be small enough to be on your
body, I was like, "Oh, this is it." A
similar story
>> with my very first video with an iPad on
the front, iPad on the back. I had this
idea where you could if you had a screen
and a camera, you could do this. But I
was like, the technologies, there's
going to be a simple way to do that. So,
as soon as I saw the presentation for
the iPad, I think it was in spring. I
was like, that's my Halloween costume. I
never uploaded a video. I was like,
that's going to be my first video, and I
want to get on Gizmodo, just like a tech
blog. That was like the pinnacle of my
life goals.
>> Yeah. Can you take me through like how
you think about thumbnails? Because I
mean we we have a newsletter where we
curate thumbnails and we're always
looking at your channel.
>> Can I be honest? Like I we are going
away from like all of these I kind of
hate.
>> Why?
>> Like I want it to feel more like my
original channel. Like this is a great
thumbnail. I like this one more. I like
this one.
>> Huh.
>> Um this one's okay. I want it to feel
more like just a freeze frame in the
video. I think what happens is the
reason some of these last
>> is your face is big in it and
>> I don't know it just feels too like Mr.
Beastification. I love Jimmy but like
that's his style and I want to get back
to like kind of the OG, you know? Um
like I love this. This is by far my
favorite thumbnail and I'm not even in
it. Right.
>> Interesting.
>> Um this is by far my least favorite. I
need to change that one. It just feels
like overproduced. It doesn't. It feels
like you're not I feel like you see a
lot of these kind of thumbnails on
YouTube. What's remarkable about what we
do is like there's these crazy
situations. So, if you could actually
just take effectively a screenshot from
the video,
>> you kind of give a proof that like, hey,
there's going to be a payoff for this.
This isn't just some like AI
photoshopped thing. Yeah.
>> And you're going to get bait and
switched. Like this, you'll actually see
this in the video. And so I'm going to
be we're like really focusing on like a
return to the roots and I'm going to
update a lot of these.
>> So we talked a bit about the YouTube
side. Tell me about the products like
>> why did you launch Crunch Labs? Um and I
actually have a slide of
>> which videos you've made that are just
Crunch Lab sponsored versus other
brands.
>> Oh interesting. I'd be very interested
to see that.
>> So we'll break that down. But for people
who don't know what is Crunch Labs, what
are kind of the product offerings that
you guys have now? So, Crunch Labs
actually came from Jimmy Kimmel and I
did this like live stream for my son who
has autism in early 2021
and after the live stream I was like
staying at his house and he's like you
need to make a product and I was like ah
this is an easy like people tell me all
the time you need to do a podcast you
need to write a book you need to go on
tour and ultimately when I say why why I
I I trace the thread It's always so you
can make more money. And I'm like, "Oh,
well, great news, Jimmy. I I have enough
money. I don't need 28 jet skis." So,
it's like, I have enough money. I'm
good. And then Jimmy was like, "Yeah,
but like ultimately, if you love
teaching science, getting kids stoked
about that. Like, you'll be able to do
that better. They can go deeper into the
trenches if they actually have something
that they're like integrating and
working with."
>> And I was like, "Ugh." So I like slept
on it and the next morning I was like ah
he's totally right. And so like that was
the genesis of it.
>> So then I did this creative engineering
class through the brand monthly or I
think it's called studio now
>> and that did really well and so I had a
proof point that there was some appetite
here.
>> Yeah.
>> For learning engineering via my videos.
Right. which I think is such an
important point for creators, which is
like if you're doing a sponsorship for
another brand
>> and you're driving like significant
clickthrough or revenue, whatever data
they show you,
>> maybe that's a business that if it's
aligned with your audience, you should
be like,
>> "Well, I knew we really had something
because when we told Max, he's the CEO
of that, we're like, hey, I'm thinking
about launching this. Do you think this
is a good idea? I want advice." And he's
pretty entrepreneurial. He's like, "I
will pay you $50 million right now if I
own if I if you let me own the whole
concept and I do it." And that
immediately told me, first of all, I was
like, "Hell no." But also, I knew, okay,
I've got something on my hands cuz he
had all the data to back this up.
>> Yeah.
>> Like he was like, I I will literally get
$50 million and I will give it to you
right now if you create this Crunch Labs
thing and then I own 100% of it.
>> Pre-launch.
>> Pre any product being made?
>> Nothing. Yeah. Wow. So, I was like, all
that did was embolden me. I was like,
"Oh, well, then definitely not because
I'm not going to like become some
indentured servant and this is my like
this is my thing, right?" So, we
launched
and I think we'd made 30,000
boxes. Like, we could take 30,000 annual
subscriptions and then we we sold those
in less than a week. And so, then we
were sold out. So, we launched that in
June of 2022 and then by the time the
holidays came around, we had we had a
restock and so we could hit it again at
the holidays. So,
>> it was a it was a great launch and it
was just really exciting to build, you
know, basically embodying everything we
have in the YouTube videos and the
stories we've heard from that um have
just been so heart. We hear them all the
time.
>> Take me through the products that you
now have for Crunch Labs. This one's
called Buildbox. It's what we started
with. It's kind of like 8 to 12 years
old. It's your core.
>> Really fun toys, but most of them are
either, you know, no batteries required
or like simple battery onoff.
>> The next thing we released was right
here. This is Hackpack.
>> So, this is like what you graduate into.
And this actually uses, you know, a
microcontroller. So, an Arduino
effectively. Yeah. No program required.
You have this cool, you know, the first
one's like this desktop turret. that
moves around, shoots cool darts. So
that's the idea with Hackpack. And we
have people who have never coded before
to like very very powerful builders and
coders who do this and just do crazy
stuff. It's like its own community now,
which is really awesome. So these tackle
the engineering, but we never had
anything to tackle the creative part.
>> And so now we're just launched, we just
launched this. It's called creative kit.
And basically we worked with professor
Adam Green and studied like what it
means to be creative. We actually like
ran brain scans on people's brains as
they played with different things. And
the idea here is you have this really
fun toy. You build out a town and every
month there's a new part of the town.
>> And there's guide rails, but then
there's prompts on how to put your own
spin on how to be creative
>> and and we kind of teach the principles
of creativity. So the idea is like this
teaches you how to build. This helps you
come up with what to build.
>> So this is the trilogy. Like this is it.
We're not going to do anything else.
This is like the life cycle from six
years old to 106. The other part of
creative kit is it's a little bit of if
I'm showing my cards a little bit, a
Trojan horse to get more um you know
females and girls into STEM, right? Our
hope is that through this it can be a
little bit more girls basically in
working building a little bit and then
it's a more natural transition because
like
>> we're in an all brains on deck situation
>> worldwide and so to say that like you
know boys do this and girls do this it's
like an incredible waste of potential.
So it's like we need more incredibly,
you know, intelligent, creative,
passionate, dedicated female brains
solving some of the big problems as
well. And just obviously there's a lot
of systemic and historic reasons why
that isn't the case.
>> So this is our attempt to like see if we
can affect that balance.
>> How many boxes have you guys shipped
out? Because when people get these, they
get them once a month, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we've shipped
millions of boxes plural.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Millions of boxes in four years. Yeah,
>> that's wild. Mark, just talking about
that connection between like you having
this massive audience to promote your
products. I thought it'd be interesting
to look at your past 20 videos and
analyze which ones were just promoting
Crunch Labs.
>> Interesting.
>> Versus which ones were promoting other
brands.
>> Fascinating.
>> Like T-Mobile, Disney Plus, Roblox,
Google. Um, how do you think about like
which videos are just exclusively for
Crunch Labs versus having another brand
on it? Ultimately, what it comes down to
is if I make a video for for T-Mobile
and they sell $100 worth of phones and
they give me $100, like they like I just
made $100 for their and I help build
their brand,
>> right?
>> But if I do it for myself and I'm able
to sell $100 worth of my own product, I
didn't just make $100, but I just
increase the value of my brand, right?
I'm building this brand, this brand
awareness.
>> Um, and a general rule of thumb for a
valuation for a company would be like 5x
times, you know, gross revenue or
something. So in some ways you made five
times that amount if you made it for
your own product.
>> Interesting.
>> Right. So generally and it's just better
like I believe in Crunch Labs. Yeah.
>> Like I think it's a it's such a great
alignment for what I for what means a
lot to me
>> for what the videos are. So it's like
I'd rather be talking about that and
promoting that
>> than like you know some VPN company or
something. Right. [laughter]
>> Fair enough. Uh,
>> is this video sponsored by NordVPN, by
the way?
>> It's not sponsored by VPN. Um,
[laughter] that'd be hilarious though.
Um, have you found yourself saying no to
more brand deals now that you have
Crunch Labs?
>> For sure. So, the threshold on what it
takes to do a brand sponsorship is just
it's a higher threshold to clear, right?
>> Yeah. And you know what we've also found
is like shorts have been a way to like
in integrate a brand where it's like
okay it doesn't make sense for a main
channel video but we can do shorts and
stuff which has been like really helpful
and valuable.
>> Yeah. Can you uh tell me a bit about how
you make shorts versus long form?
Because when we were with you um inside
Disney like I was amazed that it was you
your creative director two smartphones
and you're ripping through a short
trying to measure how wet people get on
a ride. Like is that typical that you
guys are more run and gun with shorts or
like average budget like amount of
people that work on? Like it's just
fascinating to see that those videos get
tens of millions of views, but the
behind the scenes was so run and gun.
>> Yeah, I think it depends and that's the
beauty of shorts. Like at first I was
really annoyed when shorts came out cuz
I'm like it's one more piece of thing I
need to like think about and content
create. But then pretty soon I realized
it's like an incredible opportunity.
There's so many things that wouldn't
make it into a main channel video that
um that would make for a great short. I
think you and I were talking right then
we were talking about the barber thing.
>> Yes. Wait, what was that idea? Oh, yeah.
You had an idea where you just out of
your own curiosity, you like ask your
barber to do something.
>> Yeah. I think I paid my barber like $100
and I said for the next month I want you
to keep track of every tip you get. And
I had a column of like here are all the
things I want you to like is it how old
are they? Are they male and female? What
color hair do they have? What kind of
haircut did they get? What time of day
was it? I wanted to see if I could find
some correlation of like who tipped and
how much and why.
>> No re I wasn't planning on making a
video about that. That's not big enough
for a main channel video. I was just
really curious and I'm like that's a
banger short, right?
>> Oh, you thought of that idea back in the
era where shorts may not have been as
much.
>> They didn't exist
>> and there might have been pressure to
turn that into a long form video where
you're like I don't know. But now you
have an outlet.
>> Yeah. Or like when we were there, like
which seat do you get, you know, the
most drenched in, the front or the back
on a log, right?
>> It's a great simple question that it's
not big enough for a main channel video,
>> but it's just it's punchy for a short,
right?
>> Yeah. Can I ask Mark, you said your
costs are like like above six figures,
like what a brand deal today looks like
for like an external brand, not Crunch
Labs.
>> Yeah. I mean, it depends, but like the
Google and T-Mobile one, you know, we
needed like, you know, $5 million to
make that video. So,
>> you know, we're talking multi-million
dollars worth of brand deals. Obviously,
they're getting a lot of content from
that.
>> You know, the Pixel went up to space,
right? We talked about T-Mobile space. I
did a bunch of content for them.
>> So, there's a lot that it's not just
like a 60-second ad read. Y,
>> but you know, it's not crazy to have a
brand deal that's in the seven figures.
>> Wow.
>> But that's also not just like, oh, now
we make that money. Like, there's a lot
of costs that go with that.
>> Of course. How many people work for you
now?
>> We have about like 50 on the YouTube
side, give or take, and 50 on the Crunch
Lab side.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, and how do you think about like
having both? I'll be honest, we we just
launched an accounting company for
creators.
>> Oh, nice.
>> And it's called Boring Stuff. And
>> Oh, cool. That's a great name.
>> Yeah. We're like doing bookkeeping,
accounting for creators, but but
honestly, I'm trying to navigate this
new terrain of having my own brand and
having sponsors that pay us. But I've
seen you navigate this really well where
it's like, okay, Roblox gets a spot, but
then you still talk about Crunch Labs.
Is that just something that you
negotiate, you talk about, like is have
you always been upfront that there'll
always be a Crunch Lab spot?
>> Yeah, you kind of just tell them up
front. And in those videos, the Crunch
Lab spot sometimes it's like little
less, it's not as big, you know what I
mean? So, it's just a negotiation you
have with them, but they understand that
it's just going to somehow will sneak it
into every video.
>> Yeah. Tell me about streaming cuz like
you made headlines like with your new
Netflix show. I I think this is the
first time you're talking about your
Netflix show publicly.
>> It's true.
>> Um, tell me about it, Mark.
>> Where do you get the scoop?
>> Uh, two things. One, we also gave them
our back catalog like or some portion of
it.
>> Um, which they, you know, paid for and
Samsung plus is also on here like a fast
channel.
>> Yep. Um, but our philosophy is like
there's a lot of parents who don't let
their kids watch YouTube because it just
feeds them wherever where Netflix is
like walled garden. It's curated. So, it
doesn't feel like there's a
cannibalization there.
>> Interesting.
>> Um, and you've seen other channels, you
know, Miss Rachel, Coco Melon do really
well on something like a Netflix, you
know, for 2026 towards the end there's
going to be a family competition show
that's like banger idea. It's so cool.
I'm so excited about it. It just stands
for It just encapsulates everything that
I care about that I stand for. Has to do
with like schools, education, teachers.
It's going to be insane. But we're also
doing like a Christmas special. Sesame
Street, all the characters came to
Crunch Labs. Elmo and Mark Robber's
Merry Gift Miss.
>> So, and in that I sing a song called
Failure Is Awesome with Elmo.
>> That is
>> heavily heavily autotuned. I was gonna
say I didn't know you have a capella
show. I know you've been lifting, man. I
didn't know you being a singer is just
not fair. Like it's too much.
>> Yeah, it's too much. Okay, good.
Autotitude. All right. All right.
There's hope for the rest of us.
>> Anything else you could tell us about
the show? Like like budget, competition,
scale. I know like Jimmy doing Beast is
kind of the next level YouTube videos.
Like how are you thinking about like
leveling this up?
>> It's definitely like one of the deals
was like I want to be able to promote
Crunch Labs in the main brand. So there
will be an element of it will all feel
connected when you're seeing the sets on
the show. It will feel very similar in
design style to like a Crunch Lab build,
right? Or to like what you see on the
channel. So it's kind of this whole
ecosystem. Like if it was just this in a
vacuum wouldn't really make sense for
me. It wouldn't be interesting.
>> But the idea that it can kind of get new
eyeballs on like what we're all about
and what we're trying to do is is kind
of the exciting opportunity here.
>> That's so cool. So, so the products can
be promoted through your streaming show.
>> Yeah,
>> because I know YouTube you have a lot of
control, but it's it's interesting that
a platform like Netflix or Samsung will
allow you to have this revenue stream as
well.
>> Yeah, that's right. And we are missing
one product here which is we are uh
teaming up with Moose Toys who al
happens to also be who Jimmy Mr. Beast
teamed up with and we are making some
retail toys that are like really really
cool that teach engineering. And so
yeah, in the Netflix show there'll be
portions where we'll have giant versions
of these toys in the Netflix show,
right? Wow.
>> So it's like, oh, you can own the small
thing and like that crazy experiment you
saw on the screen, like you could
recreate and relive that and have that
same visceral experience on your own at
home. Have that same aha moment, right?
Connect those synapses.
>> That is so cool. The way like that all
works together is is fascinating. Take
me through like inerson like physical
experiences. We do have our eye on like
potentially something like something
we're very good at is saying no. I'm
just single-mindedly focused. The
exception is like the really juicy
pitches that are just coming down that
you know is a grand slam.
>> We swing at those but that's it.
>> But anything else we don't. So that
means that you pretty much just say no
to everything, every opportunity. But
the ones that you're just like you know
this is just like a no-brainer are what
are what you got like lowhanging fruit.
So there are some idea, you know, Dude
Perfect, you know, they made headlines
with some experience. We have like some
ideas there that could be something in
the future, but right now we're more
laser focused on what's in front of us.
We always have a pretty steady flow of
Makea-Wish kids coming to Crunch Labs.
We have the platinum tickets. Those go
in the boxes. That's an opportunity to
come to Crunch Labs. And Crunch Labs
itself is almost a character. Yeah. It's
a location. It's like Willy Wonka
Engineering Factory. So the kids,
>> you know, and people really want to come
there. We've offered up a few of these
platinum tickets in like local school
fundraisers when someone asks and the
going rate this happened three times.
They they go for about $180,000
>> per platinum ticket. [laughter]
>> What?
>> Wait, wait, wait. The platinum ticket
that you put in the Crunch Lab boxes
that anyone could order,
>> you like auctioning off as standalone
has went for how much?
>> $180,000. That's happened three times.
So yeah, the point is is like you we
give away one every month and if yours
has it, it means you're coming to Crunch
Lab. So you have to win it. The only
time you could buy with money is if it's
like a charitable thing. Very very
rarely we do that.
>> But it's it's given us the going rate of
what the value is of making a character.
Like that has been really valuable to
have a location. Yeah.
>> That people want to come to and like
experience and feel the wow of like whoa
this is like engineering come to life.
This is where like if you dream it up,
you can build it and make it happen.
Infinite slinky staircases, you know,
the fireman's piston, the American
Gladiators, you know, tennis ball
cannon, foam pits, like museum from all
the builds. This is a rock, paper,
scissor robot, you can't beat. It's like
all these whimsical things and if it's
like you're an engineer and you you want
to if you can dream it up, then
generally you can build it. And so we
do. I I I remember seeing this with like
Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory as a kid
>> and like I I guess I knew it was a movie
set and I could tell it wasn't
necessarily real, but I really really
wanted to go there.
>> The cool thing about Crunch Labs is like
this isn't a fictional movie. This is
real life.
>> So it's like we are building cool stuff
>> that you know actually exists and you
could actually go to this place. So,
it's like that same idea of like that
affinity towards this location and this
this almost like a character, but it's
real and you can go there and that's why
the platinum ticket is such this
valuable thing, right?
>> Yeah. When we were inside Disneyland, I
was really impressed with how much of a
process you had to take kids through the
Crunch Labs experience even though we
weren't at Crunch Labs. Like, I remember
we were doing the Egg Drop and um and it
seems like you had these like stations.
Can you talk about how like you think
about like people visiting like Crunch
Labs and the experience you bring them
through cuz like now they've been
telling us Makea-Wish that creators are
being requested more than 2x over the
past few years and you're one of the
most requested from Makea-Wish kids.
Like how do you think about like what
experience you give them or the people
that come in by getting the platinum
tickets?
>> Yeah, I mean you just try and make it
experience I'll never forget, right? And
so you know I have a team that helps me
and we kind of do have a process of what
we go through. a lot of time egg drops
are great part of that process. Um then
they get to also work with the other toy
engineers. Um so yeah
>> it it's really well done. And you also
said this thing to me uh when we were in
line at uh Tiana's uh uh buyide formally
splash like oh Disney is almost like a
set now for a lot of creators and you
were there filming a short. Is there any
other thoughts you have about working
with like brands like Disney or going to
Disneyland to make content because now
they're doing things like the creator
lab where they, you know, spotlight
emerging creators or the creator
celebration days where they bring in big
creators for like an invitation only
type of experience like we did. Do do
you think about like, oh, I want to go
to this place to make content?
>> You know, Disney, the storyried brand,
there's an argument for them to be
really protective and really
prescriptive, but they were pretty cool
about like opening up and like that
always works great for brands. Yeah,
>> it's really hard. You kind of got to
take a deep breath and unclench, but if
you do like that Disney
teaming up with creators and letting us
tell their story in an organic way
without them being super
overprescriptive.
>> Yeah. And then take me through. So, we
talked about YouTube and streaming, the
experience of the product. Like, tell me
about schools and the curriculum like
what is Class Crunch Labs because I feel
like this is something that a lot of
people don't know about. Well, they
don't because we haven't really
announced it yet. Like I'm gonna
officially announce it big with like a
TED talk in next April.
>> Okay. Wow.
>> Um, we've put out the pilot episode
basically like
two years ago, maybe two and a half by
COO Jim Lee. I asked his daughter like,
"What are you learning in school in
science?" And she's like, "Oh, we just
watched a Bill Nye video." And I was
like, "Really?" And then they she showed
me the worksheet that came with it that
asked questions about the video. It'
been copied like a thousand times. You
just tell, right? And I'm like, that's
wild they're still watching that because
like that wasn't made for this
generation. Like I have had to learn
like a lot, you know, we have had to
learn a lot on how you hide the
vegetables, how you get their attention
and then sneak in the science, right?
And so like
>> we're really good at doing this and like
40% of teachers already show my videos
in the classroom and they have nothing
to do with the lesson.
>> They're just showing the YouTube videos
on the channel,
>> right?
>> Wow. So then it's the idea is like well
what if we took the national standards
that you have to teach to made a full
science curriculum third to 8th grade
where we just teach everything in a
super engaging way and our toy engineers
come up with like really cheap simple
hands-on demos that could be used and we
have and we have lesson plans for the
teachers and teacher support materials.
And if we just really went for this and
made it fully comprehensive, we realized
it would cost us about $55 million to
make and three years to pull off. So
it's like, all right, well, let's do it
because then we make it free for all
teachers forever. That's the punchline.
So
>> wait, wait, wait. My my my mind is
blown. Like why does curriculum cost $55
million to make?
>> Cuz these are like big videos, right?
Like in the next video, I'm like jumping
a hundred feet onto a crane to show like
what gravity is like on Mars. And we
just rented like the world's biggest
magnet. I just did one where I was like
standing in front of an MRI machine
holding like a 10 pound hammer and
there's a watermelon inside. And then we
turn on the MRI machine and by the power
of Thor, this hammer just just rips out
of my hand through this watermelon. And
that and that is how we introduce a
lesson on electromagnetic, you know,
fields, right? because it's like I can't
teach you if I don't have your
attention. So instead of a boring old
worksheet, we get their attention just
like with the YouTube videos and now
we've made that connection and now we
can talk about these invisible fields
around us.
>> So [laughter]
>> wow.
>> And like this there's this is a there's
no way. So when you lay this all out, it
seems like this master plan. And when I
was like we have to do this, this is
like the right thing to do. than you
know responsible people like Jim my COO
is like well how do we make money off
this I was like we don't like there's no
there's no way we don't make any money
off this like we're not sneaking in you
know we're not doing like it's not ad
supported with crunch lab stuff we are
just doing this and we are putting it
out there and I like I tell my team and
like I feel like this the most important
thing I'll do in my whole life
>> wow yeah and it's and we're we've we
finished the first fully finished the
first pilot episode. There'll be like 40
units total to cover all the standards.
We're now filming tomorrow three of
those 40 and then we're like scaling up
the team. So, we're getting um funds
raised for this. So, we've already
raised a portion towards the $55 million
and you know, if we have to contribute
our own money, we will. So,
>> I'm so speechless. I don't know. It's
because the creator side of me, the the
new dad in me, this is Wait, wait. So,
so just so I'm getting this straight,
the $55 million is is a lot of is going
towards making better content for
students to watch in school.
>> Not just watch, it's like a full
curriculum. There's like lesson plans,
there's booklets, you know, it has the
assessment. It's a full science
curriculum.
>> Wow. And so this is like interactive in
the same way that like I'll get
homework, I'll get a like a a worksheet
maybe as I'm watching it. Like I'm
trying to think back in my like
elementary days
>> or even better like think as AI comes
along you know we're teaching a lesson
and the teacher's like all right break
into groups at your at your tables and
if it's a school that has an iPad for
example there can be like I can be at
the table on the iPad and I'm like all
right guys let's brainstorm what's our
catapult going to look like right so
they draw it and they show it to me
because it's multimodal I'm like oh
that's good but like you know this is AI
Mark robber but like where's the energy
[clears throat] source and they're like
oh shoot good point and they're like and
they draw it and they show I was like
Oh, perfect. That looks amazing. Raise
your hand and tell your teacher you're
ready. And then she's like, "All right,
when Mark Grover says it looks good,
raise your hand and we're good."
>> Wow. Because you like that AI could have
pattern recognition. You can know like
even if you
>> like that technology exists now today,
like that part's not hard.
>> Wow. Damn. I'm so
>> It's going to be And like not only that,
then when we launch it, like there's
never been anything like this in history
because we're not just going to quietly
put it out there in my YouTube channel.
And I'll be like, if you're watching
anything else in school, just like
mutiny against your teacher [laughter]
because the content that's out there is
is not I have to be careful. There's a
lot of stuff out there that people
charge these poor teachers
who who like already like they don't
have a lot of money.
[snorts] Sorry. like this is like
something I'm super passionate about
and they're and they're paying for this
content that's like not good and so
we're going to make something that's
just like way way better and then we're
going to make it free. Like they need
help. Like teachers are quitting at huge
rates like this is sorry. So
>> yeah. So I mean that this is this is
what our approach is going to be and
then we're just going to make it free
and then and then when we launch it on
the on the channel we'll be like we'll
have a map and like okay here are the
places you know where this isn't being
used in schools. And so we have like
it's a grassroots effort where it's like
oh de mo Iowa we need some ambassadors
there right? And so it's like it's
bottoms up but then it'll be top down.
We'll also go through the, you know, the
senators and the school programs. And by
the way, we're testing all this, right?
So, we're getting West Ed and these
really accredited people who actually
test the efficacy for these things
because I don't want to waste my time or
my money or anyone else's money and time
if this isn't way better than what
already exists. So, as we do this, we're
like, here's a control classroom. Here's
a class that had class Crunch Labs.
We'll show that it's way better. So, we
actually have the data to back it. And
if it needs to be tweaked, we'll tweak
it. That's why we're doing the pilots,
right? So, we're just like make the most
kick-ass like curriculum for science
that's ever existed and then free
forever.
>> Wow. Wow.
>> Is there is a teacher you've spoken to
or like a story that comes to mind?
>> Yeah. Well, I went um I spoke at NSTA,
which is like the National Science
Teacher Association, and I basically
said this was the plan last year.
Actually, this was like a year and a
half ago. And we got like three standing
ovations. I was crying. They were
crying. It was the whole thing. So, it's
like the teachers are hungry for this.
Like, they really want it because it's,
[snorts]
you know, the kids care when we make
science on the channel. Like, the kids
get into it. And so, it's like the
teachers want that because they're in
the same boat. Like, they can't teach
the kids if they don't have their
attention. We know how to get their
attention. And we know how to teach
really effectively and hide those
vegetables. So, in we're not replacing
the teachers at all. Like, we're making
the teachers the hero of the classroom.
So, it's like I'm working with them and
and you know, I work with the teachers
in all this. The teachers have a role, I
have a role, we have a role in the
videos and then the com combination of
those is like it's going to be sick.
>> I'm I'm I'm honestly at a loss of words.
>> Yeah. No, I'm I'm really really really
really excited about this. I think like
everything we've done so far is like
helps to make this the thing. I'm kind
of glad it's in the center, in the
middle, and on top on this diagram. We
really also try and grow as slow as
possible. Like
>> we probably could have taken a bunch of
outside money. We haven't taken any and
you know have a team of 500 and really
like but it's like
we're really we want to maximize for
area under the curve, right? It's like
very long term, meaning like you could
spike and just juice the business and
try and get some high valuation
>> and then you're going to have if you
calculate the area under that curve
because it's going to inevitably I would
say crash.
>> That's a smaller area than if you just
have slow sustained growth, right, over
time. Plus, that's more fun. Like
>> that's why in Zelda and video games, you
start with like a wooden sword and a
wooden shield and three heart
containers. You don't start with
everything. like you get you maximize
the dopamine to your brain if you just
get little incremental level ups and
they've done studies that show this. If
you get a huge raise then you're flat
for 10 years you're way less happy than
if you creep up on that amount and get
like a a 5% raise every year. So like
phil philosophically speaking we're kind
of the same with the channel. I think at
some point you always need to be growing
a little bit otherwise you're sort of
dying. That's just like a principle of
life. That's just a fact. Um, so we just
try and do it like as slow as possible.
>> Yeah. Thank you, Mark, for walking us
through this. I appreciate it.
>> Thank you, Oprah, for making me cry. Not
cool, John. Not cool.
Peace.
>> If you haven't already, go to yt
hackpack.com to get our free YouTube
hackpack with all our best tools, tips,
and templates to grow on YouTube today.
From our intro and thumbnail templates
to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we
constantly update it as we interview
more creators, so you get the latest and
greatest for free. And yes, that means
you'll also get the maps that we made
for Jimmy and Mark in this video, so you
can map out your creator business, too.
All right, thanks for watching.